both windows makes it easy to take on
off they get a drunkard here or these
glass silo doors that we've got right
here what a great picture this is
because it's going to have a traditional
thermal value to a quiz for up north
coders that's going to extend that
season it's going to increase that of
all things they can literally or go home
well i'd like to tell customers is this
kind of a good compromise between a
sedan boat and express it really gives
them almost a second Solana here in the
cockpit with of course the ACS that he
qualifies this for far in the cockpit
but one of the most defining features of
this sport coupe is the solid glass in
this will be hard top she's the only
boat near class with a hardtop
convertible top stretches the whole beam
of the boat gives you thirty eight
square feet of sunlight coming pouring
through their order at the touch of a
button and the weather's not cooperating
it can close it up turn on the caca days
and going to tell you something you're
going to be amazed by we do all of our
surveys believe it or not our customer
focus they hate cameras no that's a
variety imagine that that's the whole
point of this group is to minimize the
impact of cameras on boat speaking of
entertainment got a nice refreshment
center right here corian counter top of
the lid I love the smokeless grow this
grill is one hundred percent smokeless
you got an aluminum tray right there you
just go a little bit of water and grease
from what you're cooking is going to
drip down it's not going to burn you can
get a lot of customers that are
say why would you ever put a grill even
below the TV or inside your the bowl of
smoke like a promise ship breaks cooked
sausages kill bosses you know a lot of
states nothing is going to create smoke
off of this growth down below here you
got a stainless refrigerator as well as
an option for a stainless steel ice
maker and this is the biggest TV in its
class 26 inches and it does something
pretty unique captain what happens when
this wraps up into the up into the
ceiling itself so you get a nice look
even when that TV is up and out it
really clean Chris there something I
don't want you to forget that goes along
with that entertaining underneath this
cushion back here we've got a removable
Kohler which is great an igloo cooler
but we also have additional store for
those notre top pieces that you talked
about earlier and of course a regal
signature piece on Oliver boats we've
got a generous ice traction a minute
notice on the violin of course follow to
the sprint stitched with a nylon thread
that's not going to stretch warp over
time you can resist it and then cabin
right here we've got access to the day
you'll go to sitting there to Chris the
battery management system is right there
with an easy graph and you can get at
you don't have to find
engine compartment to get to those
control it knows the amount of heaven
that you got because this is a single
level cockpit soul this gives you the
most amount of headroom died of the inch
before up here on the CD captain we've
got some unique features as well one of
the Creoles of the R&D department is a
place for everything and everything in
its place something the cockpit table
right here people hogwash chair did
actually stones right here you Chris
you'll notice here at this helm it's got
everything you could possibly ever want
in the way of electronics and controls
starting with this garment touchscreen
plotters here a single unit is standard
you can upgrade to a to a second unit
but not only is it touch screen it'll
also interact with all the engine
control so you can bring up all your
engine data you've got an IPS auto pilot
here as well you've got your helm which
is adjustable which is really great
especially for the tubby club I think
that'd be helpful for you guys standard
fusion stereo hook which is absolutely
great if you get the optional cockpit TV
this will also play a DVD through that
TV obviously a VHF radio again it
intertwines with the electronics for for
emergency calling as well as positioning
minimal instrumentation we've really
cleaned this dash up here because we
don't need it anymore we can actually
bring it up through the through the
chart powder plotters and electronics
digital controls of course with the IPS
joystick it's positioned properly here
you just basically turn around you can
face after that joysticks right there so
really use some good thought setting
that up now obviously this helms got to
fit more than just me so you've got a
helm seat that goes up and down with a
flip it also goes for and back put you
down below Chris you've got this flip
down teak step heavy-duty step so if you
want to do the dog thing where your
head's through through the window you
know and so to speak you can flip that
down and it gives you additional hike
you can look over the top of the
windchill which sometimes is desirable
absolutely and my favorite touch cabin
is the unobstructed visibility that you
have